c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.Form1.resources
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe.config
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.pdb
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.pdb
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\mustafasalih\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe.config
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.pdb
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.pdb
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\CUETools.Codecs.dll
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\CUETools.Codecs.FLAKE.dll
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\GoogleSpeechLib.pdb
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\SesliKomut1\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\Dev Keçi\Translate\v2\SesliKomut1\bin\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe.config
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\Dev Keçi\Translate\v2\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.exe
C:\Users\Shujin\Desktop\Dev Keçi\Translate\v2\SesliKomut1\obj\Debug\SesliKomut1.pdb
